Brandy!
Brandy! Brandy! Brandy!
Brandy! Brandy! Come here.
I will give you candy.
Brandy!
- Chitwan!
Baba, are we lost?
- Yes.
Brandy!
- Brandy
Where are you, dog?
- Chitwan.
Language.
Baba, I only called the dog a dog.
- You could have said doggie.
Lord knows where Brandy must be.
If it becomes dark we will
never be able to find Brandy.
I'm sure a tiger or
a bear will eat him up.
If it becomes dark,
the bear might even eat us.
Baba, bears don't eat us.
They are our friends..
..just like Balu is Mowgli's friend.
If I find a bear I
will dance on his stomach.
Chanchu, don't cry.
Brandy will be found.
Baba, he might be at home.
He keeps going out
and then he returns home.
Just like me.
You must have taught him.
It is possible.
- It is certainly possible
Let's go and check before it gets dark.
Shall we?
Let's go on that.
We'll get home quickly.
Yes!
Let's race the dark.
Come on.
Road trip!
- I hate road trips.
Why?
When we have holidays papa
takes us on a road trip in the car.
Then half the vacation
is spent in the car..
..and one has to listen
to everyone prattle.
Chanchal, you should
get your head out of the car.
It gets so windy you can't hear a thing.
That's what Brandy and I do.
Do you know why papa
takes us on road trips?
Why?
So we may spend time together as a family.
The family spends time
together even at home.
Everyone is busy at home.
For example, mummy and papa go to office.
We go out to play in the evening.
Then we sleep at night.
Mummy and papa argue
at home all day long..
..and they vent all
their frustration on me.
Our parents argue less than other parents.
Baba, you don't know anything.
I've stood outside their
room and heard everything.
They even badmouth you.
Me?
- Yes.
What do they say?
- Chandan is very bad at studies..
..but he looks so innocent I
don't feel like scolding him.
That's why they have to vent
all their frustration on Chitwan.
You are such a fibber!
Scoundrel!
Try sitting on the cycle now.
Wait and watch.
I shall let you fall.
Baba, don't swear at me!
I will tell mummy.
Then your road trip will be cancelled.
- Road trip again?
Do you know,
my friends go on their holidays by air?
By plane.
- Flying?
Do the two of you want to fly as well?
- Yes!
Look up in the sky, okay.
Not right,
not left, not the front or the back.
Just look at those clouds.
Watch how I help you enjoy
a plane ride on the cycle.
Whoa!
It is great fun!
- Whoa!
Whoa!
Keep looking up.
Oh, yeah!
Whoa!
- Whoa!
Baba, we are going to fall!
- Chitwan, don't look in front.
Just look up.
- Baba, there's a cow in front!
Damn!
Sorry.
Baba, did you fall asleep while driving?
- Yes, I guess.
What?
I told you we should stop at Jharkhand.
We should rest and freshen up.
That place is dangerous
Sleeping while driving
too is pretty dangerous.
Let's park at the side and freshen up.
You want tea?
You want to smoke some
cannabis to freshen up?
Tell me.
You want water?
Baba. Baba.
You know when I nodded off in the car.
I had a dream too.
Of Kathgodam.
You remember we were looking for Brandy?
Yes, and she was at home the whole time..
..while mom and dad were looking for us.
Do you remember the cycle we
were on before falling into the pit?
No.
We crashed into a cow.
- We did not crash.
I saved us.
You did today, Baba, but not that day.
We did crash.
I only remember the fall
and I was hurt very badly.
You remember the red colored medicine?
I'd applied that over here.
- That used to burn.
What are you saying?
We did not fall
I had saved us.
I skid with the cycle.
Sure.
You be the hero in all the stories, okay.
Distort our entire childhood
in your next book and sell it.
You are funny.
Everything is going well..
..you are needlessly ripping me apart.
Funny!
Really? What do you mean
everything is going well?
My husband is missing.
We are running from the Police.
All three of us are sitting
on the banks of the Ganges arguing.
And you claim everything is going well.
Chanchu, this is not the Ganges.
It is Hooghly.
Baba, you better think
before you write about my life..
..because whoever much I feel
at home I can't go back to jail, okay.
I'm a family man now.
Okay, but seriously, stop using our lives.
We have copyright over our lives.
- But it is my life too.
What about my copyright?
Baba, why don't you..
..remove Chanchu from it?
Write a story about two brothers.
Nice adventure!
I am the player and you are ignorant.
Why remove Chanchu?
You said you didn't
want to be in the book.
Who is this?
- Probably your film friends.
Your parents.
- Listen. Listen.
Don't tell them.
They don't know anything.
Hey, guys!
How are you?
- Shut up, Chandan!
Pranav is missing?
- Huh?
Put your goofy expression
aside and tell me the truth.
What's the matter?
Matter?
Hi.
Chitwan, you bloody fool!
You have a son?
- Huh?
These two are oafs.
Where is Chanchal?
Hi.
Hi, guys
Chanchu, are you okay?
- Yeah, mama. I'm fine.
There are strange stories on twitter.
Some woman on TV called
you a deadly woman.
I don't know what's happening.
Any news of Pranav?
- No, but we're following a lead.
Why are you in Calcutta?
- How did you know?
I can see the Howrah bridge at the back.
Oh, yeah.
So cool!
Actually Pranav came
here to eat sweet dumplings.
What nonsense!
Will one of you give us a proper answer?
No, you give me a proper answer first.
How do you know I have a son?
We have received 1500 messages
from a lawyer called Sheetal.
I don't know if she is concerned or
if she wants to slap a lawsuit on you.
Sheetal tried to contact you?
What the hell!
- Language!
Mom.
Dad.
Do not worry.
The three of us are together.
We'll figure it out.
Okay?
- We can forget about it then.
Where are you?
- In a Hotel.
In transit.
We are coming.
Naughty.
- Shut up!
Listen. Please don't panic, okay.
Just enjoy your vacation.
To hell with the vacation!
- Mom. Language.
Look, we are arriving
in India in three days.
Just stay out of trouble until then.
Please.
- Okay.
They disconnected.
Wow!
- Now?
Brother.
Excuse me.
Why is he saying brother
in that awful accent?
You remember there was
a British guy in 'Lagaan?
Where is Tollygunge?
Brother.
Tollygunge?
Tolly-gunge.
Where is it?
Toll.
Gunge.
Is it on that side
of the bridge or this side?
Tollygun..
Okay.
Do you eat sweet dumplings?
Where will I find
the best sweet dumplings?
What a guy!
Take a left up ahead, Baba.
Is this left or..?
Crap!
- What happened
What happened?
I'm getting a busy
tone on Sheetal's phone.
She's probably snitching on someone.
That's why he likes her.
The two of them play snitch.
Snitching couple.
How am I a snitch?
- You don't snitch?
You are not a snitch?
- When?
What do you mean by when?
Do you remember that time Sameer
Saxena gave me a rose on rose day?
This dog went and showed it to mummy.
And what was that dance you
were doing in front of them?
"Flowers and thorns.
Chanchu was hit with horns."
I was fond of music since childhood.
Nonsense!
- And that boy was not good for you.
He was a bad influence.
- Just shut up!
What about the time you removed the
packet of cigarettes from my bag..
..and showed it to mummy?
- I was only checking to see..
..if you were smoking
a good brand or any old brand.
Sure. You remove the cigarettes
at home to check which brand it is?
You slapped me for it.
Well, you deserve to be slapped.
I slapped you to prevent
you from getting spoiled.
I was doing the same.
Preventing you from getting spoiled.
Don't talk nonsense!
- You shouldn't be talking.
As though you guys
never complained about me.
I've never done it till date.
You should thank me for rescuing
you so many times in life.
Exactly!
When did you rescue me?
- When did we rescue you?
When?
You had planted a bomb in school.
They were going to suspend you.
I saved you.
I used to go talk to his
teacher for every PTA meeting.
Park the car at the side.
The car can't go further.
We'll have to walk.
What?
Go walking from here?
- Walk.
Chitvan are you sure?
Otherwise you will get a slap from me.
Oh. Now I am afriad.
Want to have some digestive?
Want to get slapped?
He doesn't know anything.
Do you have Pranav's photo?
- Yes.
He's blind.
Oh, yeah!
Do you have Pranav's voice note?
- Yes. One sec.
Why are you seriously...
For how long has your
husband been missing?
What?
How many days has it been
since your husband is missing?
How is it your business, brother?
Continue shaving.
What brother?
How do you know he
made the call from here?
The person whom he called told us.
Her husband Pranav was asking for
recommendations of sweet dumplings.
Then ask the person who he
called where he told him to go.
Good point!
It didn't even occur to us.
It occurred to you?
Now give him a call.
He has been missing for three weeks.
Pranav. My husband.
Can you help us?
Yes, I can help you.
I am a Private Investigator.
You're a detective?
I don't like that word.
I am Satyen Bisht.
One who looks for the truth.
Baba..
What are you doing?
Chilla said that Pranav went to
Chitranjan sweet something.
The sweet dumplings
over there are the best.
I..
- Sweet store.
Currently the sweet dumplings
over there are not the best.
Not too good now.
In any case Pranav's taste is bad.
Can you give us the
directions to get there?
The way there..
When you get out of
here there is a roundabout.
You take a roundabout from there..
- Brother.
It's okay.
We will find the directions on the map.
What is the spelling of Chitranjan?
Yes.
These days with google
maps, facebook, instagram..
There is no appreciation here
for intellect and instinct.
Anyway, the way to the sweet
store is right from there..
..and my office is to the left from there.
Up to you.
Baba.
Why are you thinking so much?
We will manage with the help of the map.
In any case instinct becomes
slow after a certain age.
He heard you.
Sir, why don't you come in?
You want us to come out?
I was just joking.
- He is walking fast.
Let's to walk.
Sir.
Satyen Bisht?
- It is related to the truth.
It's of no use to you.
Come on, guys.
Catch up.
Where did he go?
Welcome. Welcome.
Come on in.
Your brother Pranav went
to the sweet store 15 days ago.
He bought 3 dozen sweet dumplings
and left in a yellow taxi.
The taxi tire was punctured
in front of Liberty cinema.
He crossed the road,
went to an Axis bank ATM, withdrew money..
..and threw the slip on the road.
Hey, brother.
You think we will
believe anything you say?
Do I look like a jackass to you?
Just a second.
How do you know all of that?
You may not be aware but..
I may be out of work
but I am not out of touch.
You know.
I have a very big network.
Very many informers..
..from Nagaland to Mcleodgunj.
Rai Bareilly to Colombu.
Russia. Korea. Indonesia.
But here in Kolkata, it's main.
Big stronghold.
Actually I'm a celebrity, you know.
Several books have been written on me.
Many films too have been made.
They weren't made perfectly,
but never mind. It's okay.
Then we are the same.
Celebrity, celebrity.
So where is Pranav now?
That will take a little time.
And 30000 plus GST minus TDS.
- Done!
Baba.
At least bargain a little.
He's right.
Done means done.
It's a deal.
He would have agreed for 3000.
-Good!
Okay.
Come.
So, I must begin my work now.
I want you to taste my homemade special..
Will you have some?
- No, no.
Of course.
It will hit you where it hurts most.
Remember.
Nice?
- Nice.
Also, please give me
a photo of brother Pranav.
You had given up, hadn't you?
- Baba, a guest is akin to God.
He
Rabindra Sangeet!
All the students of
3rd grade to 9th grade..
..please come to the
playground for PT class.
What were you thinking?
Do you want to go to jail?
You want to be a goon?
I'm printing out am
entire list of complaints..
..against your son, Mr.
Sharma.
You communicate with the
kids and try to understand them.
All the principles of
modern parenting are failing.
I'm telling you.
I'm sorry for having contacted you..
..but your son is getting out of control..
..and I really didn't
know who else to speak with.
You did the right thing, Sheetal.
Chitwan doesn't tell us a thing.
Chitwan didn't even tell
me I have become a grandfather.
Chitwan has no right over my son.
That child is from my previous marriage.
But Chitwan loves that child.
- Chitwan is a naughty child.
A very, very naughty child.
And all this misbehavior
is nothing but crying for attention.
And this is not acceptable.
Madam, could you lower
the volume of that music?
He's playing live.
And I like it.
Look, my girl.
Chitwan is immature, not irresponsible.
His heart is in the right place.
Well, I'm not quite sure of it.
Because since the time he
caught up with his older brother..
..he's been talking irrationally.
I am afraid he might
start drinking alcohol again.
I understand what you are saying, ma'am..
..and I am ashamed of my son's behavior..
..but please don't remove him from school.
He loves your son very much.
Give him one chance.
Actually these siblings
love each other very much.
They love each other very much.
Chitwan lit the bomb
because Chanchal was wronged.
Ma'am, it is not Chitwan's fault.
I lit the bomb.
Chitwan?
- Chitu?
Chitwan, wake up.
Chitwan. Chitwan.
- Chitwan.
Chitwan.
- Chitwan, wake up.
Chitwan?
Baba.
Are you okay?
- Baba, bomb.
What?
The Principal removed
Chanchu from the band..
..to replace her with his niece.
That's why I lit the bomb.
- Chits.
Chits. It's okay. It's okay.
Hey.
You are dreaming of school.
And Baba..
..you're beautiful.
Sleeping beauty, you are awake now?
Hey, Satyavansham.
What do you mix in the hooch, brother?
Everything was mixed up in my dreams.
Anyway, Chits,
hurry up and wash up and pee.
We have a long way to go.
Come on.
What does it mean?
What is she saying?
Meaning that Pranav is in Sikkim.
We have to go there.
- Let's go.
How do you know?
I sent the photo to all my informers
and they gave me all the news.
Brother Pranav bought sweet
dumplings and went to Soma market bank.
From there he bought a ferry ticket..
..and went straight to
Howrah station ferry terminal.
He got off there.
He was in a big hurry.
He said the train was at 2:15.
2:15 means Shatabdi.
From there he went straight
to New Jalpaiguri station.
Over there he got on the bus to Gangtok..
..after buying snacks from my informer.
So simple!
Case solved.
No.
One for the road.
- No. No. No.
On the road..
No. No. No.
No.
- It will have a reverse effect.
You will sober down.
Don't worry.
No, no.
Anyway, the problem has been solved?
Chits, our problem is solved
but your problem remains.
What problem do I have?
Sheetal called repeatedly
when you were asleep.
What?
Crap!
27 missed calls?
I'm screwed!
- Language!
Hi, Sheetu baby.
How are..
Chitwan.
Where?
I've been trying to reach you all day.
Listen, Sheetal.
Look, I know you are very upset with me..
..but even I am very upset with you, okay.
Please.
Let's play this lover's tiff game later.
Right now I need your help.
What happened?
- He isn't sleeping.
Handle him.
Do your duty as a father.
Cheetu!
Cheetu! Cheetu! Cheetu!
Don't cry, baby.
You are a tiger.
No. No. No.
Okay, look.
Let me introduce you
to your uncle and aunt.
Look.
This is uncle.
Don't call me that.
You remember?
We met in the bathroom.
The famous one.
This is aunt.
Aunt Chanchu.
I told you, didn't I?
What is this?
He started crying again on seeing you.
My Cheetu!
Cheetu!
My baby. Cheetu. Cheetu.